bug fix Mcafee EMS (#21631)
demisto/content: Packs/McAfee_ESM/ReleaseNotes/1_1_24.md

#### Integrations
##### McAfee ESM v2

> - Fixed a bug with **fetch-incidents**, where incidents where missed because of wrong time difference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue with ***fetch-incidents*** command where incidents were missed due to timezone differences.
```
